DOCS-1285: Document Micro-RDK supported models (#2072)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/micro-rdk/board/_index.md

---
title: "Micro-RDK Board Models"
linkTitle: "Board"
weight: 30
type: "docs"

> description: "Board support in the micro-rdk."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "The micro-RDK support for the signal wire hub of a robot, with GPIO pins for transmitting signals between the robot's computer and its other components.."
```

images: ["/icons/components/board.svg"]
tags: ["board", "components", "micro-rdk"]

> # SMEs: Nick M., Gautham V.

Reviewer: no_list: true

Author: Done

---

## Configuration

> The micro-RDK currently supports the following models of board:

Author: Done

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
| Model             | Description              |
| ----------------- | ------------------------ |
| [`esp32`](esp32/) | An ESP32 microcontroller |

## API

> The [Board API](/components/board/#api) is limited to the following supported client SDK API methods, which operate the same as in the full-featured RDK:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The [board API](/components/board/#api) is limited to the following supported client SDK API methods, which operate the same as in the full-featured RDK:
```
[nit]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The micro-RDK [board API](/components/board/#api) supports only the following client SDK API methods, which operate the same as in the full-featured RDK:
```

Author: Done

- [`SetPowerMode()`](/components/board/#setpowermode)

> - [`GPIOPin` `Set()`](/components/board/#set)
> - [`GPIOPin` `Get()`](/components/board/#get)
> - [`GPIOPin` `GetPWM()`](/components/board/#getpwm)
> - [`GPIOPin` `SetPWM()`](/components/board/#setpwm)
> - [`GPIOPin` `PWMFreq()`](/components/board/#pwmfreq)
> - [`GPIOPin` `SetPWMFreq()`](/components/board/#setpwmfreq)

Reviewer: Maybe something like this for what Jessamy suggested?
```suggestion
- For `GPIOPin`s:
   - [`Set()`](/components/board/#set)
   - [`Get()`](/components/board/#get)
   - [`GetPWM()`](/components/board/#getpwm)
   - [`SetPWM()`](/components/board/#setpwm)
   - [`PWMFreq()`](/components/board/#pwmfreq)
   - [`SetPWMFreq()`](/components/board/#setpwmfreq)
```

- [`AnalogReader` `Read()`](/components/board/#read)

> - [`DigitalInterrupt` `Value()`](/components/board/#value)

Reviewer 2: I see what you're doing here but I think it'd be good to explore more formatting options to make it clear that `GPIOPin`/`AnalogReader`/`DigitalInterrupt` is not part of the method name--maybe one option is take it out of the hyperlink so it's not blue, just to make a bit more visually distinct. Or, break this list out into lists for the methods on each sort of object.

---
title: "Micro-RDK Board Models"
linkTitle: "Board"
weight: 30
type: "docs"

> description: "Board support in the micro-rdk."

Author: ```suggestion
description: "The micro-RDK support for the signal wire hub of a robot, with GPIO pins for transmitting signals between the robot's computer and its other components."
```

images: ["/icons/components/board.svg"]
tags: ["board", "components", "micro-rdk"]
no_list: true
# SMEs: Nick M., Gautham V.
---

## Supported Models

> The micro-RDK currently supports the following models of board:

Author: ```suggestion
For configuration information, click on the supported board model name:
```

> 

Reviewer 2: [opt] If you included a bit more info here about what a board is, then all the places where you link to "board" in micro-RDK-specific-contexts (i.e. attribute tables as discussed earlier) could link here instead of to the RDK one, which could be less confusing to users.

Author: Done!

---
title: "Micro-RDK Board Models"
linkTitle: "Board"
weight: 30
type: "docs"
description: "The micro-RDK support for the signal wire hub of a robot, with GPIO pins for transmitting signals between the robot's computer and its other components."
images: ["/icons/components/board.svg"]
tags: ["board", "components", "micro-rdk"]
no_list: true
# SMEs: Nick M., Gautham V.
---

A board is the signal wire hub of a robot, with GPIO pins for transmitting signals between the robot's computer and its other components.

> For more information and models supported by [the RDK (features provided by the full version of `viam-server`)](/internals/RDK/), see the [Board component](/components/board/).

Author: ```suggestion
For more information and models supported by [the RDK (features provided by the full version of `viam-server`)](/internals/rdk/), see the [Board component](/components/board/).
```

> For more information and models supported by [the RDK (features provided by the full version of `viam-server`)](/internals/rdk/), see the [Board component](/components/board/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more information and models supported by [the RDK (the full version of `viam-server`)](/internals/rdk/), see [Board Component](/components/board/).
```
[opt] as above
